`Development`: Update the postgresql setup in the contributor guide (#8434)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/dev/setup/database.rst

No special PostgreSQL settings are required.
You can either use your package manager’s version, or set it up using a container.
An example Docker Compose setup based on the `official container image <https://hub.docker.com/_/postgres>`_
is provided in ``docker/postgres.yml``.

When setting up the Artemis server, the following values need to be added/updated in the server configuration (see setup steps below) to connect to PostgreSQL instead of MySQL:

.. code-block:: yaml

    spring:
        datasource:
            url: jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/Artemis?ssl=false
            username: Artemis
        jpa:
            database: POSTGRESQL

>             database-platform: org.hibernate.dialect.PostgreSQLDialect

Author: I tested it without that line at my local development environment. It also works. I will remove that line here.

>             database-platform: org.hibernate.dialect.PostgreSQLDialect

Author: Removed with 2253c87840c1d9aa0569836a648991059e1e4e7a

.. note::

>     This example assumes that you use the mentioned Docker Compose file on your localhost, so database is called ``Artemis``, runs on port ``5432`` and no password is necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This example assumes that you use the mentioned Docker Compose file on your localhost, leading to a database called ``Artemis`` that runs on port ``5432`` and where no password is necessary.
```
